# 2.2 Robot Specifications

{% hint style="danger" %}
**UPDATE IN PROGRESS:** This assignment will be updated.
{% endhint %}

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}

Your team will create design specifications for your robot prototype \(including its demonstration environment\), as well as for a fully-functional version of your robot concept.

These specifications will build upon your team’s robot task scenarios. Review your existing robot task scenarios, and determine if any changes should be made. You can use [this template](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tK8MlYiteU9xbp79sl2Vyf3QP6dMXMHNyP2PRwS0gmw) to document your team's final robot specifications.

### SPECS FOR ROBOT PROTOTYPE

1. Briefly describe each task that your robot prototype will demonstrate. Include a diagram for each task \(update the diagrams if necessary\).
2. Identify which specific [navigation mode\(s\)](https://docs.idew.org/code-robotics/references/navigation-modes) that your robot prototype will use to complete its tasks.
3. Identify which specific [types of robot behaviors](https://docs.idew.org/code-robotics/references/robot-behaviors#types-of-robot-behaviors) that your robot prototype will need to perform to complete its tasks.
4. Identify any robot behavior\(s\) that will need to be simulated during the demonstration, and describe how these will be simulated.
5. Identify specific methods that could be used to measure or evaluate the robot's task performance \(accuracy, efficiency, avoiding errors, etc.\).
6. Identify any parts that will need to be added to the robot prototype for demonstration purposes. Identify whether these parts provide aesthetic value, functional value, or both. Briefly describe how these parts might be constructed and added to the robot prototype. Be sure the additional parts will not interfere with the robot’s ability to sense and move.
7. Identify any objects or other features \(surface lines, etc.\) that will need to be added to the robot demonstration environment. Identify whether these objects provide aesthetic value, functional value, or both. Briefly describe how these objects and features might be constructed and added to the robot demo environment.

### SPECS FOR FULLY-FUNCTIONAL ROBOT CONCEPT

1. Briefly describe any additional tasks or functions that a full-scale, fully-functional version of your robot concept would be able to perform.
2. Identify any additional components \(such as specific sensors or outputs\) that a fully-functional version of your robot would require.  You may need to conduct additional research to verify which specific components would be feasible to use for specific tasks or behaviors. For example, a GPS receiver has a margin of error of about 15 feet compared to its actual location – while that might be close enough for navigating a vehicle on roadways, it might not be accurate enough for your robot’s intended use.
3. Create a multi-view drawing \(also called an [orthographic drawing](http://www.technologystudent.com/prddes1/orthogrp1.html)\) of a fully-functional version of your robot concept, which may have different parts and features that your robot prototype won’t have. Include an image of this drawing in your specifications document.
  * The multi-view drawing should show the front, side, and top views of the robot. Include enough detail to show key parts \(such as: sensors, etc.\), and label these parts.
  * Be sure the height, width, and depth of the robot and its parts are drawn to scale. Use the same scale for each view.
  * Each view should be dimensioned by listing the real-life sizes (height, width, depth) of the robot and its key parts.
  * **OPTIONAL:**  You could use your multi-view drawing to also create a 3D digital model of the robot design using CAD software \(such as:  [Tinkercad](https://www.tinkercad.com/), etc.\).

## **❏ Deliverable**

Submit your team's robot specifications document

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}
Example

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}
| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
