# 2.3 Paper Prototype Evaluation

{% hint style="danger" %}
**UPDATE IN PROGRESS:** This assignment will be updated.
{% endhint %}

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Your team's task scenario diagrams and multi-view drawing will act as a paper prototype of your robot design. You'll use this paper prototype to have external stakeholders evaluate your robot's design and the tasks it will demonstrate. You'll analyze this evaluation feedback in order to make possible improvements before creating your functional robot prototype.

## **❏ Deliverable**

Submit your team's evaluation findings
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}
Example
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}
| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

1. **Construct a paper prototype of the testing environment you will be using for your final presentation.** The prototype should represent a top-down view that is drawn to scale and dimensioned.
   * **NOTE:** The scale used for objects and distances in your testing environment may need to be different from the scale of the real-world context. For example, your testing environment is limited to 6 feet by 6 feet, whereas your real-world robot might perform tasks across much larger distances. So choose object sizes and distances that will allow you to demonstrate your scenarios within the limits of your testing environment. Then construct your paper prototype as a scale model of your testing environment.
   * On a sheet of [graph paper](https://incompetech.com/graphpaper/plain/) \(or multiple sheets taped together\), draw the outline of your robot testing environment. Then draw any _stationary_ features that will stay fixed in position during all the scenarios. For example, walls and certain objects might be stationary, while the robot and other objects will move.
   * On separate pieces of paper, draw any individual objects that will change position or move during the scenarios \(such as the robot, certain obstacles, etc.\). These will be cut out and placed on top of your testing environment drawing.
   * Be sure to label the names and dimensions \(size\) of the prototype's features and objects. If helpful, use color coding to make the parts easier to visually identify.
2. **Use your task scenario diagrams to simulate the demonstration for each scenario.** Make any adjustments to your concepts as you reveal problems or opportunities in your simulation. Think about the technical feasibility of the demonstration, as well as the impact it may have with an audience \(e.g., Will the demo make sense to people? Will the demo show the usefulness and value of the robot? Will the demo be engaging? etc.\)
3. **Prepare a simple script to guide your evaluation sessions with relevant stakeholders in your robot concept.** Your goal is to clearly present your robot concept's design and to get constructive feedback on how to improve it further, so the robot will be [useful, usable, and valuable](https://cxd.gitbooks.io/robotics-project/content/project-challenge.html#criteria). Listed below is an outline of important elements to include in your evaluation script:
   * **Introduce yourself, your team, and the project challenge.** Tell the participant that the purpose of today's evaluation is to improve your team's conceptual design of a robot before your team programs a functioning physical version. Tell the participant that feedback and questions are encouraged throughout the session.
   * **Use your multi-view drawing to explain your team's robot concept.** Be sure to explain what the robot would do, how it would work, and what value it would provide. Be sure to give the participant sufficient opportunity to provide feedback and ask questions. As necessary, ask the participant questions to prompt feedback on specific aspects of the robot concept.
   * **Introduce your paper prototype** and explain that its purpose is to simulate how the robot might function in different scenarios. Let the participant know that the actual robot demonstrations will be limited to a 6 foot by 6 foot space, so the diagram is a top-view model of this testing environment. Tell the participant that you'd like them to provide feedback as you describe and show them several task scenarios.
   * **Use your task scenario diagrams to describe and demonstrate each robot task step-by-step.** Be sure to give the participant sufficient opportunity to provide feedback and ask questions during each demonstration. As necessary, ask the participant questions to prompt feedback on specific aspects of the task scenario demonstrations.
   * **Thank the participant for their time and feedback.** Invite him or her to see your team's robot prototype demonstration at the public presentation later in the semester.
4. **Conduct individual evaluations with 3-6 people.** Your team will need to identify which types of people would be most relevant and valuable to evaluate your robot. Be sure to include key stakeholders as participants, as well as people that can provide special insight \(possibly as experts\) in the context you have chosen for your robot concept. Be sure your participants reflect the diversity of the real-life stakeholders. Your full team does not necessarily need to be present for each evaluation, but be sure each team member participates in one or more evaluation sessions.
5. **Record feedback during \(or immediately following\) each session.** The sooner you get notes and ideas written down, the less likely things will be forgotten or overlooked. Ideally, two team members would be present for each session, so that one person facilitates the session while the other person records notes.
6. **Synthesize and prioritize the feedback, and incorporate design improvements into your team's concept.** Thoughtfully review and analyze the feedback as a team, in order to determine what changes should be made to your robot concept and to your plans for developing and demonstrating a functioning physical prototype.
7. **Produce a summary report of your evaluation findings.** Include the following headings to organize your report:
   * **Participants**: List and describe the participants in your evaluations. Specific names of participants are not important. What is important to describe are the key characteristics that made each of them relevant and valuable sources for evaluation feedback.
   * **Summary of Feedback**: List the feedback that you collected. This can be a bulleted list. The feedback doesn't have to prioritized or ranked, but it may be helpful to organize it in some meaningful way \(e.g., lists of feedback by participant, lists of feedback by topic or feature, etc.\).
   * **Key Findings**: Describe what your team decided were the key findings that should be acted on, and explain why.
   * **Design Revisions**: Describe what changes were made to your team's robot specifications.

