# 2.9 Solution Presentation

{% hint style="danger" %}
**UPDATE IN PROGRESS:** This assignment will be updated.
{% endhint %}

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Create a **slide presentation** that explains and demonstrates the robot prototype that your team designed and developed as your project solution. Practice your presentation before delivering it to your class. This will be an opportunity for other project teams to ask questions and provide constructive feedback to help your team improve its solution.

Your team's presentation should include the following \(in this order\):

1. **Project Team:** product name, team name, team members & their roles
2. **Value Proposition:** If necessary, revise your team's value proposition to better match your solution. Be sure the value proposition is clear and compelling.
3. **Persona:**  If necessary, revise your team's persona to better match the target users or stakeholders for your solution. Be sure the persona is useful for understanding the target users/stakeholders that the solution was designed for.
4. **Robot Specifications:** If necessary, revise your team's robot specifications to better match your solution. Show the multi-view drawing of your fully-functional robot design, and briefly describe the robot specifications.
5. **Paper Prototype:** Use a diagram, photo, or video to briefly show and explain at least one task scenario using your team's paper prototype.
6. **Paper Prototype Evaluation:**  Briefly describe the participants \(number, gender, age, etc.\) involved in the user testing of the paper prototype of the robot task scenarios, and briefly summarize the evaluation findings.
7. **Product Website:** Use your team's product marketing website to briefly describe the features and tech specs of your robot concept. Be sure to show the multi-view drawing of your fully-functional robot concept, as well as the photo\(s\) of your robot prototype in its demo environment.
8. **Robot Demonstration:**  Show your team's robot demo video. Briefly describe the results of your internal performance evaluation of the robot prototype.

The presentation should have 8-12 slides and take 5-10 minutes to deliver.

## **❏ Deliverable**

Submit your team’s slide presentation
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}
TK
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}
| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

