# 3.4 Evaluation Presentation

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Create a **slide presentation** that summarizes the evaluation and refinement of your team’s smart device solution and product marketing website. Practice your presentation before delivering it to your class. This will be an opportunity for other project teams to ask questions and provide constructive feedback to help your team prepare for the public presentation.

Your team's presentation should include the following \(in this order\):

* **Project Team:**  product name, team name, team members & their roles
* **Value Proposition:**  Be sure the value proposition is clear and compelling.
* **Persona:**  Be sure the persona is useful for understanding the target users that the solution was designed for.
* **Solution Evaluation:**  Briefly describe the participants \(number, gender, age, etc.\) involved in the user testing of the smart device solution and product marketing website. Briefly summarize the evaluation findings, including the survey results.
* **Solution Refinements:**  Briefly describe the refinements that were made to the smart device, web app, product marketing website, and/or product demo video. If helpful, you can include “before” and “after” images to better show certain types of changes.
* **Project Poster:**  Show a preview of the team’s project poster, and briefly explain what information is included on the poster.

The presentation should have 6-10 slides and take 5-10 minutes to deliver.

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit your team’s slide presentation
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}


| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

