# 1.1 Robotics Research

{% hint style="danger" %}
**UPDATE IN PROGRESS:** This assignment will be updated.
{% endhint %}

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
You'll conduct background research to better understand what defines a robot and to become familiar with examples of robotic systems used to complete tasks for people.

1. Read these two introductions to robotics:
   * [Introduction to Robots](http://www.galileo.org/robotics/intro.html)
   * [Introduction to Robots and Robotics](http://www.robotplatform.com/knowledge/Introduction/Introduction_to_Robots.html)
2. Define the term "robot" in your own words. What is a robot?
3. List the general types of problems robots help us overcome today and in the near future. List at least three.
4. Conduct an internet search and find three examples \(or one for each team member\) of robots being used in practical ways. Find an example for each of the following contexts.
   * \(a\) robot used in home or personal context
   * \(b\) robot used in business or industry context
   * \(c\) robot used in public or government context
5. For each of your examples, summarize the following:
   * What does the robot do?
   * What makes it valuable as compared to not having it? _For example: Does it save significant time? Does it reduce risk of injury for people? Does it serve a task that people alone could not do?_
   * What sensors, motors, data, and programming are needed for it to work?

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit your summary of robot examples.

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}
TK

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}

| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |

{% endtab %}

{% endtabs %}
