# 1.3 Project Ideas

## Objective

After each team member generates a list of ideas, clearly define three potential problems to solve and a brief description of how a robot could provide a solution.

## Instructions

1. **Generate a list of at least 15 ideas as a team.** That's five or more per team member. It is important to have a diverse set of ideas at first covering many types of contexts — robots for personal/home use, business/industry use, or public/government use. See the "idea sparks" at the bottom of this page for some inspiration.
2. **Share and discuss ideas within the team.** Be sure to listen to each team member's ideas and consider how you might adapt some of the ideas or synthesize \(combine\) ideas.
   * **IMPORTANT:** Given the limitations of your robot kit, your robot prototype does not necessarily have to perform every step of the intended real-life task. Instead, you might need to "simulate" certain steps. However, your robot should still be able to meaningfully demonstrate the core functions of the task.
   * For example, if the real-life robot is supposed to travel towards an object, pick it up using a robotic arm, and then carry it to a new location, then your robot prototype should be able to travel to the object and stop, then you could have a human pick up the object \(to simulate the robotic arm\), and then the robot should be able to travel to the new location and stop \(where the human might place the object down\).
3. **Compose three clear and distinct problem statements.** From your idea discussions determine three paths your team could take with the project. These three concepts should be distinct from each other and likely apply to different contexts. **Make sure that each concept is feasible with your robot. Be sure you can meaningfully demonstrate the concept using your robot's sensors and capabilities.** Below is a template for your problem statements: 
   * **We will create a** _**\[descriptive name for robot\]**_ **for** _**\[describe the problem context and/or affected people\]**_ **that** _**\[describe the improvement and value the robot will provide\]**_**.**
   * For example: We will create a robotic vacuum for home use that thoroughly cleans the floors with minimal oversight and avoids causing damage or injury. \(Yes, this example describes an already existing product\)
4. **For each problem provide a single paragraph that briefly describes how the robot will work.** What key features will it need and what sensors will be used?

## ✓ Standard Deliverables

Document ...

* Your teams initial idea list. 
* The problem statement and descriptive paragraph for each of your three team concepts.

Be prepared to discuss them in class.

## ✓+ Advanced Deliverable

For each of your three concepts, **identify and document existing robotic systems that are somewhat similar** and might provide insight on creating your concept. Be sure to label this work clearly in your documentation.

### Idea Sparks

_Use this list of words to spark your initial idea generation._ Warehouse, factory, landscaping, construction, shopping, hospitals, wheelchairs, retirement homes, kitchens, parking lots/garages, offices, parks, streets, sporting fields/courts, fitness, outdoor games, restaurants, fire and rescue, theme parks, planet or terrain exploration ...

## Objectives

Conduct evaluations with appropriate stakeholders for each concept and, as a team, choose a single concept to continue the project.

## Instructions

1. **Determine Stakeholders** - Determine what people could give you the most insightful feedback on your concept. Would experts in a particular domain help? Do you have access to them? Aim to have 3 or more people give you feedback on each concept. It will likely be a different set of 3 people for each concept.
2. **Schedule a Time with Stakeholders** - Plan a time to carefully present your concept to each person and collect his or her feedback.
3. **Outline a Script** - Plan how the evaluation will go and outline it. Not only use the outline to guide your evaluation, but use it for note-taking during your discussion with the stakeholder. Below are recommendations, but you may adapt.
   * Introduce yourself and explain that you are working with a team on a class project using robotics.
   * Thank the person for his or her time and explain that you invite honest and critical feedback.
   * Describe the concept. This would be a good time to use your problem statement.
   * Share your scenario diagram to provide more detail in how it would work and how you plan to measure performance of the prototype.
   * Allow the person to provide feedback as they like, but have questions prepared in the following three areas.
     * Feasibility - How feasible will it be to successfully program and test with the time you have? Your best/educated guess.
     * Concept Value - How much value do you expect people to see in the concept? How useful will the result be? Is it worth the effort?
     * Demonstration Appeal - How compelling do you think the demonstration will be? What is the wow factor?
4. **Practice** - Practice an evaluation with two classmates that are not in your group. Their feedback will be valuable as well.
5. **Conduct Evaluations with Stakeholders**  - Be sure to document the feedback you get, either as you are discussing or shortly after concluding the evaluation.
6. **Summarize evaluations** - Summarize the key points in the feedback for each concept. One clearly formulated paragraph for each concepts may be enough.
7. **Deliberate and Choose a Concept** - Discuss the outcomes of the evaluations and choose one concept to continue developing for the team project.

## ✓ Standard Deliverables

Document ...

* list of stakeholders interviewed for each concept \(just a meaningful description of each\)
* for each concept, a paragraph summary of the evaluation results \(3+ paragraphs total\)
* the final concept your team has chosen, including a paragraph on why it was chosen over the others.

## ✓+ Advanced Deliverable

Improve the chosen concept based on the evaluations. Document the improvements made and how the feedback influenced the changes.



