# 1.7 Robot Task Scenarios

{% hint style="danger" %}
**UPDATE IN PROGRESS:** This assignment will be updated.
{% endhint %}

## Objectives

For each of your team's three concepts

* **Diagram scenarios** that detail the robot's actions in a particular context.
* **List the required capabilities of the robot**.
* **Describe a potential method of measuring the final prototype performance**.

## Instructions

1. **Sketch** - Hand sketch your initial ideas for a scenario diagram for each concept and discuss with team mates. Sketching before working on a digital diagram will save you time and lead to a better result.
2. **Diagram** - Once you are comfortable with a way to visualize a concept scenario, construct the diagram in a program like Google Drawing. Below is a recommendation of how to proceed, but you may need to adapt.
   * Draw the environment of the robot context first including the outer boundaries and objects that will be present. You will probably use a top view looking down.
   * Draw a likely robot path within that context using a dashed line.
   * Draw a representation of the robot at one position along the path that makes sense.
   * Create text annotations at key points on the path, if needed, and label any important objects in the drawing.

     > * Be sure to make the image size large enough to make annotations legible.
     > * Use simplified representations of objects and label if needed, rather than including highly detailed object representations. Circles, lines, and rectangles can go a long way.
     > * Try to correctly scale objects relative to each other.
     > * Use color, font, and line styles that make the diagram easy to see and understand.
3. **List Robot Capabilities** - Simply list the robot sensors and features needed to make the prototype.
4. **Describe a Method to Measure the Prototype Performance** - Briefly describe a method to measure the prototype in two regards, _failure avoidance_ and _performance quality_.
   * Failure avoidance: For example, "Our vacuuming robot will become stuck, lost, or inoperable, at most, only once in ten trials."
   * Performance quality: For example, "Our vacuuming robot will attain 90% floor coverage after 5 cleaning runs."

## ✓ Standard Deliverables

For each of the three concepts document and submit...

* **a diagram of a scenario** showing a potential path of the robot with descriptive annotations where the robot senses and reacts to the environment.
* **a list of required robot capabilities**
* **a method of evaluating prototype success**

## ✓+ Advanced Deliverable

Conduct an internal evaluation \(within your team\) of the concepts and compare each concept on the following three dimensions.

1. _Feasibility_ - How feasible will it be to successfully program and test with the time you have? Your best/educated guess.
2. _Concept Value_ - How much value do you expect people to see in the concept? How useful will the result be? Is it worth the effort?
3. _Demonstration Appeal_ - How compelling do you think the demonstration will be? What is the wow factor?

**Document your evaluation in a clear way.** Maybe you simply score the concepts on each dimension by rating them from 1 to 5.

## Objectives

Describe the testing scenarios that your robot prototype will demonstrate, and then generate a set of [pseudocode](https://codehs.com/glossary/term/10) robot instructions to map out the programming logic needed for your robot to demonstrate these scenarios.

## Instructions

1. **Within your team, discuss the scenarios you want to demonstrate with your robot prototype.** You will want to produce **at least three** scenarios to demonstrate. These scenarios could represent:
   * different tasks that the robot will complete
   * variations of the same task which show the robot's **flexibility** \(e.g., ability to respond in different patterns such as traveling to different destinations, etc.\) or **adaptability** \(e.g., ability to respond to changes in the environment such as avoiding obstacles even if their location changes, etc.\).
2. **Write a clear and concise description of each scenario.** Each scenario can probably be described in about two or three paragraphs. Be sure to include:
   * the robot's overall task/goal for the scenario
   * a description of the objects, obstacles, or other features that the testing environment will need for the scenario
   * a stepwise description of what the robot will need to do to complete the task/goal for the scenario \(as well as any simulated steps\) — keep in mind that you can simulate certain steps as long your robot can meaningfully demonstrate the core functions of the task
3. **Create** [**pseudocode**](https://codehs.com/glossary/term/10) **for each scenario** to logically describe the specific steps \(in order\) that the robot's program will have to perform. Your pseudocode can combine plain language with "code-like" language \(such as `if` statements, etc.\). This will help prepare you for the actual coding of the robot.

## ✓ Standard Deliverables

Submit a document with the scenarios and pseudocode and be prepared to discuss each.

## ✓+ Advanced Deliverable

Include an _aesthetic_ elements to your descriptions that explains how you might make your demonstration compelling and awe-inspiring. What is really going to grab the attention of people during your presentation? Is it a visual element? Sound? A vibrant narrative story? Label this additional description as "Aesthetic Elements" in your document.

